Version 0.6.1 beta 3/20/2016:
    Adjusted error handling of config file loading to provide more details on error
    
    Added a defined function for all command executions for code reduction and feature
        addition, code analysis simplification
    
    Added a '--debug or '-d' command line option for 'dbuild.py' and 'dstart.py' that
        writes all commands, messages, and outputs to 'dbuild.log' and 'dstart.log'
    
    Uniform set of sys.exit() codes
        0 - success where applicable
        -1 - CLI error
        -2 - File level error
        -3 - Docker command level error
        -4 - Config missing error
        -5 - VCML2 syntax error
        -6 - Docker minimum version error

    Updated README with new command line options and info

Version 0.5.3 beta 3/11/2016:
    Added a citation to the python docs for a graph traversal function based on the doc
        page cited in dbuild.py. Basically got a late night refresher on graphing while
        checking to see if a graph module existed for python.
    
    Corrected a bug where if a node was created and attached to a default network, it may
        not get named appropriately.
    
    Corrected a bug where a node connected to more than one pre-defined Docker network
        might generate a python error.
        
    Adjusted some verbiage in comments and some command responses. Removed extraneous and
        commented out lines of code.
        
    Noted attribute "networks" as required for "NODES"
    
    Added a 'test_cases' folder with all example config files notated
    
    Checked and adjusted as needed all examples in README
    
    Performed extensability test, literally adjusted this 'dict' in 'dbuild.py' to extend the
        capabilities of the lanquage, added "shared_memory" key and associated docker command
        line syntax. Added same key to single machine and noted setting applied. See extensabilty
        testing folder under test_cases. node_inspection file shows settings applied at line 77
        where the default setting is 64MB
        
            lexica = {
                "net": {
                    "driver": "--driver=",
                    "subnet": "--subnet=",
                    },
                "node": {
                    "hostname": "--hostname=",
                    "image": "image",
                    "router": "",
                    "networks": "",
                    "volume": "--volume=",
                    "shared_memory": "--shm-size="
                    }
        }


Version 0.5.2 beta 3/6/2016:
    Adjusted line 115 of dstart.py from "else:" to "elif len(connected_routers) == 1:"
        to handle the case where a multi-network, routed config might have an
        isolated network with isolated nodes.
        
        Corrected routing where graph trversal returned the first available path
        and should have returned the least cost path interms of the number of
        routers crossed. (dbuild.py)
        
        Corrected a couple of typos in the responses of various modules
        Added a response prior to synching ssh keys in dbuild.py
        
Version 0.5.1 beta 3/2/2016:
    Major changes to the routing protocol,OK it really wasn't a routing 
        protocol as it would only handle one router correctly. This
        implementation is not perfect either, though it is a major
        improvement. I expect someone to break it and send me a copy of 
        the config.json that breaks it.
        

Version 0.4.2 beta 2/27/2016:
    This is a cosmetic release, adjusted formatting of information output

Version 0.4.1 beta 2/27/2016:
    Cleaned up some noise on stdout, Adjusted README to closer reflect reality
        Added apt-get install libxml2 to the instructions for the image and the
        image. adjusted /bin/ping to allow users to run it
        affectively tested out on Linux and Mac, promoting to beta
        Added image to vcml repository on docker hub
        Changed README to reflect new image location

Version 0.3.7 alpha 2/26/2016:
    Complete rewrite, too many changes to describe

Version 0.2.6 alpha 2/2016:
        Will no longer mount home dir to home dir, mounts the home dir in a sub-folder to
            avoid ssh keyfile interactions while in the cluster. Also provides flexibility
            for shell environments that may conflict with specific settings outside 
            of the cluster

Version 0.2.5 alpha 2/2016:
	adjusted dstart.py, dstop.py to not display program info upon import
	added feature in dconfig,py to capture the UID of the user given to be used during
            user creation within the containers for rights management in a shared file system	
	added UID attribute to user creation ‘command’ in dbuild.py
	adjusted more verbiage in various response fields
	corrected inter-host ssh communications
	reorganized config interrogation to make more sense
	Adjusted code portions to better reflect multi-os capabilities. More re-arrangememts
            of code is need in this area. This was abnadon in part during the 0.1.x to
            0.2.x rewrite and seperation of operations. Basically this is Linux code only
            for now
        added --env-file option to employ mpich specific env requirements, does not seem to
            work in the desired fashion for this implementation
        adjusted for configurable fixed range of ports at the node currently 60000-60049

Version 0.2.4 alpha 2/2016:
	Added a '--help' feature because Dr. Butler said
            "any program that doesn't have this feature is a piece of crap" :-)
	Replaced networking features previously implemented to require Host IP Addresses 
            in a multi-host configuration
	Relocated mkpasswd to the utility folder to remove dependency, attempted to address
            user ID issues using -u switch for docker run/create. SSH has hard coded
            requirements around user 'names' explicitly and '-u' creates a nameless entity
	Some code cleanup and var name case standardization
	Setup  single point of reference for application version
	Added GPL 3.0
	Adjusted verbiage on some questions and informational responses
	Removed container tracking through cfg/_containers file, too confusing in multi-host
    
